Information
BOM Data Date: 10/10/2023
Master Part List version: 
Software Version: v2.2
Software Release Date: 10/10/2023


User Manual for Component Search Application
This user manual provides an overview of the Component Search application and explains how to use its features.

1. Introduction
The Component Search application is a tool for searching and modifying component data. It allows users to perform searches based on manufacturer part numbers (MFR P/N) and component items. Additionally, it provides an "About" tab with information about the application.

2. Main Interface
Upon launching the application, you will see the main interface divided into several tabs:

Tab 1: MFR Search
This tab is designed for searching component data based on Manufacturer Part Numbers (MFR P/N).
To perform a search, enter a partial or complete MFR P/N in the "MFR P/N" text field.
Click the search button (magnifying glass icon) to initiate the search.
The search results will be displayed in two text boxes: "Component PMD P/N" and "ProductName and Designator."

Tab 2: ALT Search
This tab is used to search for component items.
Enter a partial or complete item in the "Item" text field.
Click the "Search" button to execute the search.
The search results will be displayed in the "ALT Search" text box, including "Item," "Manufacturer Item," "Manufacturer," and "Item Description."

Tab 3: About
The "About" tab provides information about the application.
It displays details such as the application's purpose, version, and developer's name.
This tab is read-only, and you cannot make any changes.

3. Performing Searches
In Tab 1 (MFR Search), enter the MFR P/N you want to search for and click the search button.
In Tab 2 (ALT Search), enter the item you want to search for and click the search button.
The search results will be displayed in the respective text boxes.

4. About Tab
The "About" tab provides basic information about the application, including its purpose, version, and developer.

5. Adjusting Tab Width
The width of Tab 2 (ALT Search) is adjusted dynamically based on the content to ensure a clean user interface.

6. Application Version
The current version of the application is 2.1.

7. Developer Information
The application was developed by David Kao.

8. Closing the Application
To exit the application, simply close the application window.
That concludes the user manual for the Component Search application. You can now start using the application to search for and view component data.